TODO List:

Big items (not ordered by importance):
1- More than one circuit (cascade system).
2- two stage compressors.
3- Units support:
    Use a decorator in the builder class that changes the input from in the user unit to core units. All information is
    saved in core units not in the user units. For gets, use the same decorator to destransform the units. The unit
    transformation is made when the user wants to see that value.
    Pros:
        1- No potential unit problems inside the program. All is happens before, in the decorator.
        2- Clean. Transparent for both ui and core program. The decorator read the current units defined in the ui
            preferences and changed them to core units. In case of the ui wants use another unit for in a particular
            case, can use the same decorator to change from this custom unit to the default units defined in the ui
            preferences.
            Example: The cooling power of a condenser is defined in the ui in BTU/hr, in the UI preferences de power is
            defined in kW and in the component plugin in W. The ui decorator changes from BTU/hr to kW and the builder
            decorator from kW to W.
        3- Save consistent. The information is always stored in the core units. It is easier to compare to files. The
            units will change when the user require the property. Another advantage is that two computers with different
            units preferences will open the file in their units preference and not in the units from the original user.
        4- Easy to implement. Builder class and UI the only affected.
    Cons:
        1- Small errors introduced in the change of the units. For example, 45ºF will never store exactly.

    note: it is very likely that components plugin will required an updated. The library used can required the require
    change the unit field in the component plugin.

4- Components properties values not constant, implement equations. For example, use a equation for isentropic efficiency

Small items:
3- Add default tests.
4- Define the dependencies (python 3.6 (type hints = 3.5, literal strings= 3.6, coolprop, numpy, scipy)
6- Refrigerant library -> in the builder, the backend need use the coolprop information rather than compare with and
                            predefined string and the refrigerants plugins register the supported library.


Wishlist:
1- Support true advance properties in initial values.
